-10/30/17 - Discussed program architecture and get people up to speed with the Github repo.
-10/31/17 - Got people using git to push and pull, added classes and discussed architecture choices.
-11/1/17 - Planned out TODO list items after a basic architecture was added.
-11/5/17 - Fixed some merge issues and briefly discussed branches.
-11/6/17 - Discussed grid milestones and assigned some roles.
-11/7/17 - Talked about Grid implementation and the coordinate system
-11/14/17 - Collaborated on moving and power ups.